Week1:
Group formed and named. Selected Scrum Master. Created the Jira Site. Decided on the topic with other group members. Done some brainstorming on what the novel functions will be. 
We also decided to split the group into two sub-groups and work on front end and back end separately.
I'm the scrum master

Week 2:
We selected the framework that will be used in both front end and back end. We have started to build a very simple interface as a try, but haven't make it work yet.
We have discussed the novel functions and comfirmed with the tutor.
Started writing the proposal.
Get used to Jira and GitHub. However, we faced some issue on pushing to GitHub, which found out to be the problem of the file.

Week 3:
Finshing up the proposal.
Decides some data structure of some instances.

Week 4:
We have discussed the design of apis and the format of data. The proposal had beed submitted.
Start looking at the UI design, and have decided to use some external libraries to finish up the UI design.
Finished drafting the homepage of our web, and some routing of the pages have been set.

Week 5:
The backend group has finished the apis that we need for Demo 1, and we have tested them together.
Recieved the feedback of the proposal so we have already discussed it.
Try to finish the front end program by Thursday this week.

Week 6:
Finished the retro.
Flex Week

Week 7:
We have a huge discussion on the design of apis, especially the json format of the data.
I have fixed some bugs that happened in Demo 1.
Updated sprint 2

Week 8:
Apis finished, so frontend team start to implement the front end program. (Demo 2 on Thursday)
Demo 2 was all good, so we have set up the goal for next week.

Week 9:
Backend team created some more new apis according to our need.
Finish the checkout system.
Fixed some bugs.
Finished kitchen system and the 

Week 10:
We tried to clean the database and fill in with brand new data.
Testing, including testing on Vlab.
Start writing the report and preparing for the final demo.